# Initial doc
## Collected from google keep
Added *8/14/2019*

The idea is to start from a weak protagonist who wants to avenge for the death of his family (friend) and sets on a quest to seek and find the murderer. Later learns it's almost impossible to kill his enemy and the only way to do so is to acquire a very powerful weapon by slaying a strong adversary. After successfully finishing the mission he attains the powerful weapon and starts actively seeking one of the most dangerous and strongest man. This is a part two where protagonist slowly but steadily overwhelmed by the sheer power of the weapon and blinded by vengeance becomes an antihero. In the end 'Mo' kills the murderer and turns into a monster and for a little while you play as the antagonist until u are getting killed by someone.

At the beginning Mo is weak and the screen is colorless as player progresses through the game the screen becomes brighter and rich with colors until Mo reaches the part where he needs to fight a difficult enemy to acquire the powerful weapon at that point colors come back fully and Mo tastes the power himself for the very first time and likes it. Time passes and  almost feels like he has forgotten what he was after but it all comes back he remembers his vengeance and he starts killing people innocent or otherwise. Colors bump up becoming more saturated emphasizing Mo's obsession with power turning him into a very thing he detests. Slowly he starts remembering his goal and starts seeking the B, person who killed his family/friends. The next section he fights with himself from time to time struggling to make a right decision but slowly he gets closer and closer to his goal: finding and killing B. After finding and killing B starts the act 3 where he (player) turns into an antagonist.